h2. Details


Added:
- fixed broken project update
- refactored handlers
- removed RSS and json for simplicity
- added issue open/closed/all issues filtering
- added comments,
- added assignee,
- added watchers.

h2. Installation

Two small changes are required if you want to get this up and running

*First change the application name in the app.yml file.
Appengine ensures these are unique and match the application name you registered through the console.

*file to the URL you're hosting it from.
This is at the moment only used to make sure all links in feeds point to the right place.

* add conf.py(copy of cont_default.py) and provide your SendGrid details.

h2. Credits

Application based on: "GitBug":http://gitbug.appspot.com
Gareth Rushgrove ("morethanseven.net":http://morethanseven.net)

h2. License

The MIT License
 
Copyright (c) 2016 KNKTechnology
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.